UI-6616 - Update the documentation (#81)
activeviam/activeui-migration: README.md

`activeui-migration` requires two JSON files:

- _content.json_: the original content to migrate
- _servers.json_: the ActivePivot server's information

Let's create these files.

### Download the original content

The content to migrate can be downloaded as a JSON file from the atoti+ [Admin UI](https://activeviam.com/activepivot/6.0.0/docs/content_server/cs_overview/#admin-ui). If you are used to accessing ActiveUI at `https://my-server.com/ui/index.html`, then you should be able to access the Admin UI at `https://my-server.com/admin/ui/index.html`.

:warning: Make sure to connect as a user with access to all the content that must be migrated. We recommend connecting as a user with the role `ROLE_CS_ROOT`.

Right-click at the root of the file tree, and click **Export**. This will download a file called _content.json_. Move this file into your `migration` folder.

![](/documentation/download-content.gif)

:warning: Importing/exporting at the root of the file tree is available in atoti+ Admin UI version 5.1.0 and higher.

> If you don't see these actions in the context menu, it means that you are using an older Admin UI version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't see these actions in the context menu, it means that you are using an older Admin UI version and will have to upgrade.
```
Just to make it clearer what you are referring to below when you say "you can do so...."

Replace `"https://my-server.com"` by the URL of your ActivePivot server.

Choose a key to identify this server and replace `"my-server"` by it. See [the ActiveUI tutorial](https://activeviam.com/activeui/documentation/5.0.0/docs/tutorial/runningAQuery#serverkey) for more details about server keys.
Choose a key to identify this server and replace `"my-server"` by it. See [the ActiveUI tutorial](https://activeviam.com/activeui/documentation/5.1.0/docs/tutorial/runningAQuery#serverkey) for more details about server keys.

Download the data model from your ActivePivot server. The URL of the relevant service ends with _"discovery"_. You will find its full URL in the documentation under `/webservices`.
Download the data model from your ActivePivot server. The URL of the relevant REST service ends with _"discovery"_. You can find the documentation for this REST service [here](https://artifacts.activeviam.com/documentation/rest/6.0.0/activepivot.html#cube_discovery_get).

For instance, considering the ActivePivot server you used while going through the tutorial:

- it is deployed at https://activeui-tutorial-server.activeviam.com:9090/pivot

> - its `webservices` documentation is accessible at https://activeui-tutorial-server.activeviam.com:9090/pivot/webservices

Reviewer: Is the `webservices` endpoint not required?

```
> node_modules
- package.json
- content.json
- servers.json
```

Open a terminal in it and run the command below after adapting the `--from-version` and `--to-version` arguments as needed:

```
npx migrate -i "content.json" -o migrated-content.json -s servers.json --from-version 4.3 --to-version 5.1
```

This command generates a file named `migrated-content.json` in the same folder. It contains the migrated content, ready to be used in the target version of ActiveUI.

#### Options

The CLI offers several options.
You can see them all by running:

```
npx migrate --help
```

In particular:

> - The `--debug` and `--stack` allow respectively to generate an error report and the stack of those errors. This is useful to understand and address any error that may occur the migration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `--debug` and `--stack` respectively allow for an error report generation and the stack of those errors. This is useful to understand and address any error that may occur the migration.
```
Little bit of a rewording, what do you think?
